# Ioan Bălan --- 2350

Everyone was off in the morning. Tired, grumpy, sore.

The narrowness of the cots had frustrated Ioan and May throughout the night. They *could* both fit on one, but only if they straightened out rather than their usual tight curl. At one point, they tried dragging the cots to be side by side, but the frames against each other made a hard ridge that was impossible to rest on comfortably. In the end, they'd fallen asleep, each on their own cot, facing each other with arms tangled enough to get at least some contact through the night.

Whether or not True Name had actually slept seemed up in the air. She had shrugged noncommittally when asked, but it certainly didn't look like she had.

Conversation was equally awkward. May apologized stiffly to her down-tree instance over breakfast of further sandwiches and True Name accepted graciously enough, but then they fell back into silence.

After breakfast, there was little else to do but head back home. They left the camp set up. Ioan couldn't begin to guess how to take down the tents, given how distracted ey'd been while End Waking had been setting them up. *Besides,* ey reasoned. *Best to keep them around just in case things go sideways.*

They decided to leave forks behind in case anything went wrong, then Ioan took each of the skunks' paws and stepped back home.

True Name immediately wrinkled her nose at the sight out the picture windows into the back yard. "Snow?"

"Ey is some sort of masochist," May said, *sotto voce*. "You will have to forgive em. Ey is working on it with Sarah."

So out of place was the humor that it took em a moment to catch up. Ey laughed tiredly and shook eir head. "For theatre nerds, you guys have no imagination. Coffee?"

May leaned up and dotted her nose against eir cheek. "You, my dear, are an utter delight."

True Name followed them into the den. "Please. I am going to fall over if I do not have something."

May flopped down onto her usual beanbag and rubbed her paws over her face while True Name sat quietly at the dining table and Ioan made coffee. "If it is alright by you two, I am going to take a shower after coffee, as hot as I can stand," May said. "And then we can work on the addition."

"Sure. I can start by mirroring our room and then stripping personal items while you're getting cleaned up."

"Thank you both," True Name said, tracing a claw along the wood grain on the table, an incredibly familiar gesture from years of living with May. "Again, I mean. I really do appreciate all that you are doing. Perhaps we can discuss boundaries and expectations later, but I am also looking forward to a shower."

Ioan nodded, finishing up the coffee prep --- eirs black and both of the skunks' sweet and creamy --- and carrying the mugs to each of them. "I guessed," ey said, setting one down in front of True Name. "Let me know if you need anything different."

Ey sat down carefully by May and held both of their coffees while the skunk scooted in close against em as usual before handing hers over. It felt good to be back in a more comfortable setting, back where ey and May could could at least get close, even if everything still felt nerve-wracking. 

They drank in silence for a while, minus a thank you from each of the skunks, the three of them doing their best to un-cringe from last day's worth of anxiety.

It worked a little too well, perhaps, as ey had to nudge May awake to finish her coffee and shower, and the prospect of levering emself out of the beanbag felt out of reach. All the same, ey needed to at least get the other room created, then perhaps the three of them could nap.

Once May was on her way to the shower, ey stood, finished eir coffee, and began to work. Ey dumped a series of intents into the sim. A doorway cut itself out of the wall opposite the one to eir own bedroom. A room extruded itself beyond the doorway, filling itself with all of the very same stuff that eirs and May's contained. The sim's boundaries whined in protest at not having enough for the windows to look out on and, too tired to think of any other options, ey mirrored the view of the yard as well so that True Name's room looked out over yet more grass and dandelions.

*If she stays for any real length of time, maybe I can just mirror the rest of the house and she can have a full setup.*

That was enough for now, though. Ey got started going through the room from top to bottom, wiping it of eirs and May's presence. Anything that wasn't the bed, the nightstands, and any other furniture was evaluated and either left for its decorative value or swiped away to nothingness. A damp May joined em partway through the exercise, and by the time they were done, the room was left clean and neat, sparsely decorated without being oppressively empty.

"Hopefully it's not too bleak," ey said once May had fetched True Name. "I gave you some ACLs over the space if you need to make or recycle anything. Just let me know if the room itself needs changing."

She stood silent and still for nearly a minute, leaving em to fidget while May looked on, frowning.

Finally, she cleared her throat and said hoarsely. "This is more than enough, my dear. I do not know why you two...but, well, I should get cleaned up and then we can talk proper. I am perhaps a little too emotional for that at the moment."

May sighed, nodded. "At your own pace."

They both bowed and backed out of the room to let True Name shut the door behind her so that she could shower. May took eir hand in her paw and led em over to the bean bag to get comfortable once again.

"You okay?" ey murmured, once she was properly nestled against em, head tucked up under eir chin.

"I am tired, Ioan. I am tired and I am stressed and I am...I do not know. Conflicted, perhaps."

"How do you mean?"

She shrugged. "It is much easier to hate from a distance, especially when one is built as I am."

"To love?"

She pressed her face against eir chest, sighed.

Ey wanted to ask her how well that fit her monologue, that idea that to be built to love is to be built to hate yourself. Ey wanted to go back sixteen hours or however long it had been and kick Jonas's ass. Ey wanted to go back twenty-four hours and warn True Name, to go back three and a half years and warn the True Name ey'd first gotten coffee with.

Instead, ey said, "You're a good person, May."

She tightened her grip around em. "Thank you, my dear."

When True Name finished her shower and grooming, looking far more herself than she had since the month before, they sat around the dining table to hash out boundaries.

"I do not want to impose on you more than I already have," she began. "I will certainly stay out of your private space, and I figure a closed door is a plain enough signal to be left alone. Should I stick to my room for the most part?"

May let out a snort of laughter. "I am sorry, True Name. I do not mean to laugh, but I have never heard you so deferential in my life."

The skunk canted her ears back. "I am in shock, May Then My Name. My coworker of two centuries just tried to kill me. My life's work has been cut off from me. I have been invited to stay with one of the two up-tree instances of mine who dislike me the most, and I have never had to live with anyone before, not since before we uploaded. The offer remains for me to dig my own sim."

May bowed her head apologetically.

"I'd feel better if you stayed," Ioan admitted. "It'd be too easy for you to either disappear into your new sim forever or wind up with another attempt on your life whenever you left."

May nodded readily. "You are safer here where no one can act openly against you. It may not be the most comfortable of situations, but I would also prefer that you not die."

"Good points. Both of you. I would prefer not to die as well." She straightened up in her chair and smiled, a hint of that confidence showing through. "So, to my question. Do you have any thoughts?"

"Closed doors means don't bother, stay out of each others rooms. Cones of silence and secure visual ACLs to be respected," ey said, then shrugged. "But I think that's all obvious stuff. I don't see any reason for you to stay out of common areas, I guess, and I'm fine with you eating with us, too, but I also freely acknowledge that that's me speaking. I don't want you two, uh..."

"Fighting and arguing should be avoided, yes," True Name said with a slight bow of acknowledgement. "It is your house, though, and I know that our relationship is fraught. I will defer to May Then My Name, given the power dynamic and social restrict--"

"I promise that I will not try to pull out all of your fur or bounce you so long as you give us space when either of us ask, okay?"

The skunk blinked a few times, then smiled cautiously. "Understood."

"Wait, that easy?" Ioan said.

"Not everything need be complicated, my dear. Boundaries are most often found by crossing them. We will have negotiation ahead of us as well, I am sure." May shrugged, adding, "This does not make our relationship any less complicated, but endlessly refining rules ahead of time will only stress all of us out."

"I guess," ey mumbled. "I just don't want you at each other's throats."

"If we fight, we fight," she said. "But if we are to be stuck together, then we will fucking get over it and have a civil house, at the very least. I will do all of the exercises Sarah has given me at once if that is what is needed to keep home from becoming unbearable."

True Name nodded in agreement. "I will do what I can to keep things comfortable and be out of your hair as soon as this is resolved. We will work it out if one of us gets upset. That includes you, Mx. Bălan. Please voice your concerns when they arise."

Ey shook eir head. "Alright, alright. Only concerns I have right now are taking a shower and a nap, then. I'll trust you two to make things work and will try not to mediate every single little disagreement."

"Excellent. About fucking time," May said, patting eir hand. "I will join you for the nap and try to be up for lunch."

"Naps all around," True Name agreed. "Again, thank you two."
