### Codrin Bălan#Castor --- Sorina Bălan --- Fwd: Ioan Bălan

> systime 227 (2351)  
>
> Castor---Lagrange transmission delay:  
> 38 days, 15 hours, 1 minute



Ioan,

Taking your advice along with that of True Name, of all people,[^tnhelps] I finally wrote to Sorina in a very open and, I hope, welcoming way. I want to find out where we stand, of course, but I also don't want to push *that* much of a discussion on her. Just...say hi and ensure that the line of communication remains open. I've attached what I wrote just so you're up to date as well.

I ran the letter by Dear, █████, Sarah, and True Name, and all of them kept telling me it was far too wordy. They're probably right, too,[^tnright] as frustrating as it was to pare it down. I know we're a wordy bunch, but it was edging up past 2000 words, when all it needed to was act as an invitation to open discussions.

All my best,

Codrin#Castor

-----

> Sorina,
> 
> I wanted to reach out with my greetings and gratitude for your patience with me as I get used to life as it has become. Much has happened in the last five years.
> 
> Despite the momentous nature of an extraterrestrial encounter, life continues on Castor much as it has for the previous two and half decades, as it did on Lagrange before. We sleep, wake, work, eat, talk, walk, all as we always have. I hope that life for you has continued in pleasant and productive ways and that you're still able to do all that makes it fulfilling. 
> 
> I understand that the nature of your departure has been a point of stress for the both of us. I know that some of that stress on my end has bled over onto you, and for that I apologize. If you're comfortable doing so, I would love to hear from you.
> 
> Best,
> 
> Codrin Bălan#Castor

[^tnhelps]: A part of me wonders if it's in response to the role you played between her and May Then My Name on Lagrange, offering a little bit of mediation to keep that gap bridged. I'm too shy to ask, I think.

[^tnright]: True Name in particular suggested that this is still probably too long, but I sent it anyway, as I want to at least add a positive note about life on Castor.
